whats up youtube it should boy just in
the mac watching some of that kungfu
panda tinted then turn--turn anyways
haha um I saw a review from the homie
John 12 d I'll leave his name below if
you actually want to take a look as well
um he made a review on these right here
read chill for breads you know black
cement grey fire red on black friday
release this is my second pair right
here I sold the first pair i had um took
tomorrow me and both of my pears have
extra glue on the soles on the midsole
and uh so as you can tell this is not a
shoe review right now this is a quality
review um I wanted to find out I want I
want you bread for owners to leave a
comment below and let me know what well
quality your bread wars are you know um
you know I'm not complaining no it's a
blessing to get two pairs of breads you
know what I mean but when you open it
you know you get that whole excitement
you know the new shoes smell kicks in
it's all strong and everything and then
you take the shoe out the box and you
look at it and it's like what the hell
is that I hate that feeling you know
especially when it came to both of my
pears but you know it didn't matter to
me you know it's just you know you
I've never had a great a pair of J's
basically what I'm saying I mean all my
shoes are up that day they call me
receipt blah blah blah this is not but
they've always had one small flaw I
could actually take a look at you know
on this one this one I love the color
way I love the floors as well just I'm
not loving the extra glue on his shoes
John 12d his first pair has glue as well
hopefully his second pair it doesn't
have extra blue so hopefully he makes a
video maybe I'll look like a knob like a
make a video let's see how your 2nd Para
looks ba bla bla hopefully he does you
know he's cool he makes great videos as
well um yeah anyways I mean let me show
you guys suck you're like it's not
noticeable i don't care i'm still gonna
beat these shoes up you know Rock'em
never stop them you know it has just
extra glue on the midsoles not
complaining i just want to know was it
just my luck or does everyone have the
same issue as me no great shoe whoo
great shoe um yeah leave a comment below
I want to know what's up Oh No if your
we had the same issues as me was yours
perfect maybe I just have bad luck when
it comes to buying Jays now I've member
cjhare to sorry so that's my second one
got these online first one I had in
store once to me to thing nine retail
yeah leave a comment below follow me on
instagram j ust ingl Oh Justin gleau
like I said I do post pictures before
I post pictures before I um make a video
today's Monday tomorrow i will start
catch up on tuesdays and thursdays um
basically i bought a shitload of shoes
on black friday i'm basically broke
until my next paycheck um let me know
what's up like comment subscribe into my
next video gone